In this lesson, we'll add some starter styles to our sub nav component.
So let's get to it here.
In Sub Navigate view, in my top level div, I'm going to add some CSS classes, so I'll add class here
and then we're going to add a whole bunch here.
Let's begin with W dash full.
And as a reminder, these are all tailwind classes that are provided to us.
This class will provide 100% of the parent with.
The next thing I want to focus on is the height.
I'm going to provide a class called H 16 and that is going to set a fixed height of 64 pixels.
The next thing I want to focus on is the background.
I'm going to ensure that we have a white background.
I believe this is standard in CC, but we're going to be more explicit with it here and we can do that
with the BG Dash White class that is going to set a white background for this div.
The next thing I want to focus on is the border and when it comes to our sub nav, I actually only want
a bottom border.
This is going to be a grey border that separates the end of the sub nav and the primary content of the
page that we are on.
Okay, so to create just a bottom border, I can use a special class called Border Dash B, you can
see there it's going to add the border bottom width of one pixel only on the bottom.
So the remainder of the box, the left, the right in the top will not have a border.
I also want to specify that I want to have a solid border.
I can do that with border dash solid in comparison to something like a dashed border.
And then finally, I want to specify the color of the border.
And for that I'm going to use border dash brand gray one as a reminder, brand gray one is a custom
color that we configured in tailwind dot config.
Okay.
Yes.
And so tailwind automatically generated this.
Classic for us as well as some other CSA classes that specifically deal with this color of brand gray
one.
Okay.
So that takes care of my outer div.
And I also want to add an inner div.
So right here I'm going to add a dear right here around.
This is a sub nav.
I'm going to drag this closing tag to the end right here and let's add a few more classes here.
I'm going to make this a Flexbox with Flex.
This is what I'm going to use to vertically center the contents of this sub nav, which is going to
be the things like the magnifying glass and the content that says the number of jobs that have matched,
etc..
So I'm going to start by making this a flexbox.
I'm going to vertically center the contents of the Flexbox using items center.
That's another tailwind success class.
Then I'm going to make sure that this has a 100% height, which is going to inherit the height of the
parent, which is 64 pixels.
And then I want to apply a little bit of padding, but only on the left and right side.
So the x axis and I can do that with the p x classes from Tailwind.
You can see here it's going to apply only padding on the left and right.
And I think eight is a good option here.
You can see here from my IntelliSense or my helper features, that's going to be 32 pixels of padding
on the left and right side.
That's just going to ensure that our content is pushed in a little bit from the edges of this diff.
All right.
And I'm going to keep my original text of this is a sub nav and this should be a good place to start.
So if I navigate back to my browser, we now have our subnet and it's looking pretty good.
We have our padding right here before the text.
We have our bottom gray border, that's our own custom brand color.
And it's going to separate this content from the rest of the page.
And this, of course, is also getting that height of 64 pixels.
So this is a good place to start.
And where we're going to proceed from here, of course, is adding the icon that we need and then follow
it by the text that says the number of jobs that the user has match.
So making good progress here and I will see you in the next lesson.